c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\SimpleMemberShip.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\SimpleMemberShip.pdb
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\obj\Debug\SimpleMemberShip.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\obj\Debug\SimpleMemberShip.dll
c:\users\joe\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip\SimpleMemberShip\obj\Debug\SimpleMemberShip.pdb
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\obj\Debug\SimpleMemberShip.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\SimpleMemberShip.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\bin\SimpleMemberShip.pdb
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\obj\Debug\SimpleMemberShip.dll
C:\Users\Joe\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SimpleMemberShip2\SimpleMemberShip\obj\Debug\SimpleMemberShip.pdb
